# TradingBot
Trading bot ran using Docker and Alpaca API. Frontend integrated using Vue.js
Current app uses the Martingale strategy for trading IVV (S&P500). Designed to implement other strategies and derivatives in the future.

### Recommnended steps prior to using App ###

-- Obtain an Alpaca API key and secret --
1. Create an Alpaca paper account (https://app.alpaca.markets/paper/dashboard/overview)
  Note: I recommend only using a paper account so as to not use your own money, especially when setting up the app. If you wish to change to a real cash account ("Live account") at a later point, you can do so with this implementation.
2. Go to paper/dashboard/overview
3. On the right of the screen, select "View API Keys".
4. Click "regenerate".
5. Copy your API key into a .txt file (e.g., Alpaca_Key.txt), and you secret key into a seperate .txt file (e.g., Alpaca_Secret.txt). Save both files in the your backend directory.
6. Ensure your endpoint is the same as it currently is in main.py. If different, replace the endpoint in main.py with the one from you Alpaca account.

-- Dockerfile Config --
1. Download docker desktop (https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) and ensure it is accessible from your IDE. 
2. Ensure the port in the current dockerfile is not being used elsewhere. If it is, select a different port

-- Startup --
1. Open terminal in your IDE and ensure your at the project root (i.e. TradingBot).
2. Build the docker image from the backend using:
    >> docker-compose -f /TradingBot/backend/docker-compose.yaml up -d
3. Navigate to the frontend:
    >> cd frontend
4. Install dependencies:
    >> npm install
5. Start the frontend server:
    >> npm run serve
6. Access the trading bot either from the link generated by the terminal, or by going to "http://localhost:8080/" in your browser.
    Note: If the port changed from what it originally was in image, you must go to that location in your browser.
